Add meeting summaries documentation for Microsoft Teams incident management (#37436)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/incident_response/incident_management/setup_and_configuration/integrations/microsoft_teams/_index.md

   2. (Optional) Specify the incident criteria that creates a Microsoft Teams meeting. If left blank, any changes to an incident without an existing Microsoft Teams meeting will create a Microsoft Teams meeting.
4. Save your settings.

### Meeting summaries

Enable AI-generated meeting summaries to automatically summarize incident Microsoft Teams meetings. During a meeting, live summaries are periodically posted to the incident timeline and the incident chat channel. When the meeting ends, a final post-meeting summary is posted.

#### Enabling meeting summaries

To enable meeting summaries for incident Microsoft Teams meetings:

1. Navigate to [Incident Settings][2].
2. In Microsoft Teams, select your connected Microsoft Teams tenant.
3. Toggle on **Enable meeting creation**.
4. Toggle on **Generate AI meeting summaries**.
5. (Optional) Add conditions to prevent summarization for specific incidents. By default, meetings for private incidents are not summarized.
6. Save your settings.

> {{< img src="incident_response/incident_management/integrations/ms_teams_enable_meeting_summaries.png" alt="Enabling meeting summaries" style="width:90%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="incident_response/incident_management/integrations/ms_teams_enable_meeting_summaries.png" alt="The Microsoft Teams tenant settings page with the Generate AI meeting summaries toggle enabled." style="width:90%;" >}}
```

Alt text must end with a period and describe what the screenshot shows rather than restate the action.

#### Summarizing an incident meeting

> Meeting summaries are created for Microsoft Teams meetings attached to an incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How meeting summaries work

Meeting summaries are generated for Microsoft Teams meetings attached to an incident.
```

The heading implies user instructions, but the section describes automated behavior. "generated" reads slightly more naturally than "created" here.

> When a meeting starts, a Datadog Transcriber attempts to join the Microsoft Teams meeting. This may take 10 to 30 seconds. A meeting participant must admit the Datadog Transcriber from the meeting lobby before transcription can begin. Once admitted, during the meeting, live summaries are periodically posted to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a meeting starts, a Datadog Transcriber attempts to join the Microsoft Teams meeting. This may take 10 to 30 seconds. A meeting participant must admit the Datadog Transcriber from the meeting lobby before transcription can begin. After the Datadog Transcriber is admitted, live summaries are periodically posted to the following locations during the meeting:
```

> - The **incident timeline**, under a "Meeting Summary" entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **incident timeline**, under a **Meeting Summary** entry.
```

UI element names use bold, not quotation marks

> - The **incident chat channel**, in the meeting card thread and broadcast to the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **incident chat channel**, both in the meeting card thread and as a message to the channel.
```

"and broadcast to the channel" is ambiguous about what is broadcast; this clarifies the two posting locations.

For a full list of available `@Datadog` commands, see the [Microsoft Teams integration documentation][5].

> ## Data retention

Reviewer: Consider adding an intro sentence so this section is self-contained and clearly scoped to meeting summaries:

```suggestion
## Data retention

The following retention policy applies when meeting summaries are enabled.
```

Author: It's been moved to the inline note, so I'm assuming this no longer applies

Reviewer: Oops, yes, missed this when I was finalizing the review
